Chen Beixuan, a junior of the Chen family
I'm here to ask Mr. Situ to die
ignorant child
feel safe
The old man had been in the world long before the retreat
Seeking an official today has broken through the peak realm
I want to die
That's right, I'll ask Situ Zuze to die today
So that the world can open the clouds
The world is barren
The old man has been in retreat for many years
Let some juniors forget what the world's surname is
The world is the world of the world
He belongs to no one.
It belongs to everyone.
naive
The old man ended you
It's your fortune
Work hard
It's not hard to deal with such a small person
Azhu is willing to work hard for you
Killed Zhan Rusong
I thought I was invincible
Today I am as left as a clock
I walk like the wind
I will kill you today
I want you to know what it means to be outside the sky
There are people out there
Wait a minute.
What do you have to say?
I can see your martial arts realm
The old man misses you and it is not easy to practice martial arts
Talent on the shelves
How about making an exception to accept you as my adopted son?